# Meeting DATE
Moderator: @johnnyman727
Notes: @frijol
Attending: @tcr, @rwaldron

## Agenda
https://github.com/tessel/project/issues/101

## Notes
FCC: Can we help make this move faster?
- Jia solder things to make matching test rig
- One waveform not looking right according to them, looks ok based on Tim's fix based on us, better if we test locally identically before sending it to them, language barrier makes this super hard/each fix round takes a very long time
- Jia has sent Tim's fix to them last night China time, so they can be trying it right now
- Tim can't get OpenWRT Tessel build working locally, Jon to help debug
- Seeed says it is possible to start manufacturing now and issue a disclaimer that says we're still working on FCC & "we" are at fault if anyone is harmed. Who is "we"? If this makes Seeed responsible, fine. Otherwise, we're not a company, so who would get legally exposed? Seems potentially kinda sketchy; we don't anticipate anyone getting harmed but legal stuff is maybe a blocker
- Tim: yes we should start manufacturing. Confident we will pass within the next two months. Confident the liability will be skirted. Causes more issues to continue delay. Are we personally or jQuery Foundation financially responsible?
- Kelsey: the only hangup is if it requires a hardware rev.

TWIT: do this! See Agenda for a recap of ideas that should be in it

Team Members! it all went into action items

Commercial request: try out T2 for agriculture company in Berkeley, can get feedback with in-person meetings.
- Seems useful
- Let's do it and have them explicitly required to make issues when they run into problems, this grows the platform

node-usb
- Kevin Mehall wants a new maintainer on this
- Bring this into the Tessel Project? More appropriate to involve nodejs/hardware working group, but we're the main people depending on it
- There is an open PR for Node 4 for Windows

SC weighing in on tessel/t2-start/issues/55
- First time SC has perhaps needed to step in in an official channel
- Important to call out role of SC in this case (contributors may not be aware of this role)
- We should post this in the steering-committee channel and figure out a coherent answer

How do we reduce bikeshedding so that we as maintainers have time to do useful work and not spend all our time on PRs that aren't central to the project?
- Better show milestones?
- Make membership sparser?
- Have an all-hands meeting to get team members more aware of total vision?
- Better document pathways to get into firmware etc?
- "We're not accepting PRs unless they're related to these milestones" - useful for us but potentially unfriendly to new contributors?
- Kelsey thinks meeting is necessary to kick off any of this kind of initiative
- Is a meeting plausible? Time zones...
- Send out an at-channel with the full plan, giant issue on #project, milestone for post-launch with which we label everything else that comes in


## Action items
- @jon clarify with Seeed who would be responsible if we issued the FCC testing disclaimer
- @kelsey write the TWIT tonight, send to @tim for review, try to get it out tomorrow morning. Include also? T2 running Node 4.2
- @tim kick off recap discussion from jQuery
- @rwaldron become mentor for new team member hipsterbrown
- @rwaldron try to get in touch with Alice and see if she wants to be involved as team member
- @jon send Scott Gonzalez a new T2 and ask for the old one back
- @jon ask for the Renovo T2 back or see what's going on there
- @jon that Berkeley agriculture startup - send them a T2 to test out
- @rwaldron seeing if Node Hardware working group is interested in node-usb, otherwise @tim taking over as maintainer at least for now
- @jon @kelsey @rwaldron @tim bring t2-start#55 to the steering-committee channel and weigh in, @rwaldron volunteers as messenger
- @jon define draft for milestones that we're working exclusively toward, send to sc channel
- @jon make a milestone for Fullstack with the couple of relevant issues
- @jon confirm with Jia that we are getting the CE rev'd hardware
