# Meeting 12/15/2015
Moderator: @tcr
Notes: @johnnyman727
Attending: @frijol, @rwaldron

## Agenda
- We now have a server for deploying binary deps
- FCC update
- Milestone review
- Last week Action Item review
- Goal setting for 2016
- Christmas Gifts


## Notes
- Reconbot was able to get a binary module server up to store our packages
- He will work on dynamic compilation later (using t2-compiler)
- Server credentials are in Tessel Passopolis
- There has been more back and forth about FCC. Tim has made another fix and sent it to China. We should know by the end of tonight if it works.
- Even if it doesn't work, we will sign a disclaimer just to move forward with production
- Tim needs Jia to send workable solution to Seeed. Jon can also move it forward if Jia doesn't respond
- USB is now 100x faster than it was 2 weeks ago and faster than LAN. It is also more robust. It still needs its various branches across 3 repos to be merged.
- Rick almost has binary injection ready to merge, just writing tests.
- As mentioned above, @reconbot got a binary server up and running.
- @hipsterbrown has claimed networking utilities API but haven't heard about any updates
- There are 5 serious issues to fix, one is claimed and has a working branch without tests
- @johnnyman727 sent Seeed T2 image/branding assets to build their own pre-order page for T2
- @frijol was on a podcast and gave a talk on T2
- We should consider having an overarching technical goal and community goal in 2016. 
- Rick points out that Intel has events around the world where folks pay money to learn the basics of IoT. We should try to do something to the same sort of scale and the same sort of enagagement/adoption.
- Kelsey proposes Tessel Reach (a small BLE chip with one module port to enable low power applications).
- Tim points out that it's a good scope for a first, entirely-foundation built hardware. 
- We should have a discussion with the rest of the team, perhaps after T2 ships.
- Kelsey is concerned that the project might not be technical feasible.
- Jon suggests we make the CLI more extensible to other hardware.
- Kelsey is worried that other hardware has too many other difficulties, unrelated to software tools, to make that effort worthwhile. She is also worried that making our developer tools accessible on other platforms will mean we can't spread our hardware form factor, which we think is better.
- We will continue the discussion about project goals next week and try to come to a conclusion.



## Action items
- @frijol to draft email about charging cards
- @tcr to work on updating NAN for Audio/Video module this week.
- @tcr to draft email for Seeed about CE/TELEC details
- @tcr to put a branch of website into staging with links to Seeed store for modules
- @frijol to add a little bit of what each team member works on within the Tessel Project to the team page.
- @johnnyman727 to talk with Seeed about kits that have done well in the past.
